[TT-11018, DX-977]add API templates docs (#3942)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/product-stack/tyk-dashboard/advanced-configurations/templates/template-designer.md

You can go from the **API Template** screen - for the template you want to use, select **CREATE API FROM TEMPLATE** from the **ACTIONS** menu:
{{< img src="/img/dashboard/api-assets/api-templates/create-api-from-template.png" alt="Select Create API from template" >}}

Or, from the **Created APIs** screen, select **ADD NEW API** as normal and then select the template you want to use from the **API Template** section:
{{< img src="/img/dashboard/api-assets/api-templates/create-api-from-template2.png" alt="Select the template you want to use" >}}

Both of these routes will take you through to the API Designer, where the settings from your API template will be pre-configured.

In this example, we applied "My first template" that we created [here]({{< ref "product-stack/tyk-dashboard/advanced-configurations/templates/template-designer#creating-a-new-api-template" >}}). You can see that the Gateway Status and Access fields have been configured:
{{< img src="/img/dashboard/api-assets/api-templates/created-api.png" alt="The API with template applied" >}}

### Using a template when importing an OpenAPI description or API definition

> From the **Import API** screen, if you select the OpenAPI **type** then you can create an API from an OpenAPI description or Tyk OAS API definition that you paste into the API Designer, or that is retrieved from a file that is either uploaded to Tyk Dashboard or accessed from a URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the **Import API** screen, if you select the OpenAPI **type** then you can create an API from an OpenAPI description or Tyk OAS API definition; choose the appropriate method to provide this to the Dashboard:
- paste the JSON into the text editor
- provide a plain text file containing the JSON
- provide a URL to the JSON
```
